feat: added disable config watching flag (#19718)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/stale-eagles-reply.md

---
'@backstage/config-loader': patch
'@backstage/backend-app-api': patch
---

> Added watch parameter to activate config file watching

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `watch` option to configuration loaders that can be used to disable file watching by setting it to `false`.
```
